title: I would like to be an open source software.
date: 16.04.2016

I want to be open source software. It is a better way of creating and maintaining software. Good tech startups iterate quickly, making new versions of their software available to their community, because it is not ideas that make a company successful, but the successful execution of them. Open source philosophy takes community exposure to its extreme; the latest version of you software is *always* available to the community, and asks to be reviewed, improved and expanded.

The inner details of application logic is available for anyone to see. Pull requests, the means by which someone in the community can request that a feature or improvement they have written be incorporated into the core repository, are regulated, so that the product in its original location cannot be bastardized from its original form -- but there are no secrets. If someone wants to develop on top of the product, they can [fork](https://help.github.com/articles/fork-a-repo/) the repository, and work on the software in a new instance with all the original code.

Open source software works best when code is well-documented. Good documentation lowers the barrier to entry for people who are interested in contributing, and plays the leading role in demonstrating how the project thinks about itself. This is important, because we cannot constructively suggest anything to anyone unless we have some idea about how they think about themselves, and who they would like to become. From this point, we can offer criticism from a place of mutual understanding, making it much more likely that the suggestion will be swallowed rather than spat out, in turn making the suggestion much more productive.

Even speaking purely from the perspective of self-benefit (a perspective which we have come to understand as 'rationality'), making a project open source entails benefits that are not available to the private alternative. For one, your software is likely to be used a lot more. Software enthusiasts will download your software, because there is no commercial web. People can safely download your software without having to think about whether or not they are making a good move in the game of Capitalism. Moreover, you will hear about problems with your software quicker, and may even have people [fix your problems for you](https://github.com/facebook/react-native/pulls?utf8=%E2%9C%93&q=is%3Apr+bug+). Not even because you are paying them, they just want to help!

The most popular place for open source repositories is [github.com](http://www.github.com). Github has wonderful tools that reason about the best ways to collaborate on projects, such as pull request management, standardized ways of merging conflicts, and a wealth of integrations and other support. Traditionally, Github is mostly used with files that contain code, but the services are extensible to any kind of file-based collaboration.

Yevgeniy Brikman [writes](http://shop.oreilly.com/product/0636920034360.do) that we are all already cyborgs.The technology that we use is an extension of the way we think about ourselves, and of the way that we think about others. This history of messages, notes, profiles and other digital inscriptions enacted by or associated with me is an astonishing large component of my self-consideration, and is no less important than my memory's audiotapes of conversation, the still-frames of pictures I vainly flick through when I feel the need the remind myself how I look, or the video-reel of me turning my head from side to side, etched in mirrors I have pondered at length.

There are times when I would like to express myself an open source software. My personal website is a project towards that idea. The code that drives it [is open source](http://www.github.com/breezykermo/personalsite), in the traditional sense of the phrase. On a more abstract level, the pieces I write here are an attempt to expose some of my person's code base in the reappropriated medium of writing, and music. Of course, the site is curated. I have personal protocols for the content that I publish here (even if I have not yet spelled them out in words), just as there are protocols for the content that I publish in other self-histories.

When I am in an environment, I culture the production of my thoughts so that their expression is more likely to be well received and accepted. (Despite the persistent practice of self-appreciation, I am of course no island, and cannot be without others and their good consideration of me.) At a bar, I compliment people because I want them to like me and complimenting seems like a relatively well accepted way of being liked at bars. At school I try to tread the water between being a good student and being appropriately negligent about study as good students ought to be. When I am working as a freelancer I do my best to make good software because it seems to me that good software is what is required of a good freelancer who is liked by commerciality's Other, the abstract feeling of being culturally valued.

With this I am publishing the Markdown for all of my blogs on Github, as well as a colleciton of files and folders that attempt to summarize my self-consideration. I have written some Readmes to attempt to define how I feel and think about myself and associated things. Please submit pull requests! You can of course fork my repo if you want to reuse it, because I think we all construct ourselves by borrowing parts of other people.

[Open source me](REPO) is of course not all of who I am, it is just an attempted representation and codification of how I tend to think of myself. It will miss me, overstate me, undermine me, as well as [[all verbs that indicate how produce misrepresents](REPO)] me. Hopefully it will also reinvent me, create me, [[all verbs that indicate constructive change](REPO)] me. Please make me better!
